Add DelegateRequiredAnalyzer (#359)
nunit/nunit.analyzers: documentation/NUnit2044.md

# NUnit2044

## Non-delegate actual parameter

| Topic    | Value
| :--      | :--
| Id       | NUnit2044
| Severity | Error
| Enabled  | True
| Category | Assertion
| Code     | [DelegateRequiredAnalyzer](https://github.com/nunit/nunit.analyzers/blob/master/src/nunit.analyzers/DelegateRequired/DelegateRequiredAnalyzer.cs)

## Description

The actual argument needs to be evaluated by the Assert to catch any exceptions.

## Motivation

In order for the `Assert.That` to catch an exception or a timeout, the code must be
a delegate so it can be evaluated by the method. If the parameter is not a
delegate, it will be evaluated before the call to `Assert.That` and stop further
execution.

## How to fix violations

> Convert the call into a delegate using a lambda expressionor method group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert the call into a delegate using a lambda expression or method group.
```
